Add language reference material for `unsafe` updates for memory safety (#54367)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/keywords/unsafe.md

To compile unsafe code, you must specify the [**AllowUnsafeBlocks**](../compiler-options/language.md#allowunsafeblocks) compiler option. The common language runtime can't verify unsafe code.

> [!NOTE]

> > The [memory safety](../unsafe-code.md#the-updated-memory-safety-model-preview) preview feature available in C# 15, narrows the operations that require an `unsafe` context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The [memory safety](../unsafe-code.md#the-updated-memory-safety-model-preview) preview feature available in C# 15 narrows the operations that require an `unsafe` context.
```

> > Creating a pointer, the `fixed` statement, converting a `stackalloc` expression to a pointer, and using `sizeof` on an unmanaged type no longer require an `unsafe` context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> An `unsafe` context is no longer required for creating a pointer, the `fixed` statement, converting a `stackalloc` expression to a pointer, and using `sizeof` on an unmanaged type.
```
